Software Architecture Pattern (#4)
CoderAcademy-DEV-MERN-Group/DEV1003-Assessment01: Software Architecture Pattern.md

    end

    subgraph Backend["Backend (Node.js, Express)"]
        B[Routes]
        C[Controllers]
    end

    subgraph Database["Database Layer (Mongoose, MongoDB)"]
        D[Models]
        E[(Database)]
    end

    A -->|1. HTTP Request| B
    B -->|2. Match Route| C
    C -->|3. Business Logic| D
    D -->|4. Database Query| E
    E -->|5. Database Results| D
    D -->|6. Processed Data| C
    C -->|7. JSON Response| B
    B -->|8. HTTP Response| A

    style A fill: blue
    style B fill: red
    style C fill: green
    style D fill: purple
    style E fill: indigo
```

We will break down MVC into its compenents in more detail, and how they're applied in our project below.

---

### Model

The **Model** component of MVC, put simply, handles the data. Whichever database system is chosen in a project handles validation and sanitisation of any and all data associated with the aplication. In our case, using **Mongoose** to interact with a **MongoDB** noSQL database. Mongoose schemas and models will be used to create and validate object data, which will be accessed by the **Express** controller component, and passed to the **React** view component.

### View

> The **View** component of MVC is, drumroll, what the user views! The user interfaces with the application at the view level, and it presents data to the user. Our **React** frontend wil lrender interactive UI components (EG. Movie cards, user profiles, leaderboards.) The view will receive data from the controller and display it in a user-friendly way, whilst also capturing view layer interactions (EG. Listening to a `button` for a `click` event) and to trigger actions in the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **View** component of MVC is, drumroll, what the user views! The user interfaces with the application at the view level, and it presents data to the user. Our **React** frontend will render interactive UI components (EG. Movie cards, user profiles, leaderboards.) The view will receive data from the controller and display it in a user-friendly way, whilst also capturing view layer interactions (EG. Listening to a `button` for a `click` event) and to trigger actions in the controller.
```
